docs: add i18n and trailing slash description file (#356)
namecheap/ilc: docs/routing/localisation_and_trailing_slash.md

# System settings: [i18n](#i18n) & [Trailing slash](#trailing-slash)

## i18n

ILC comes with built in internationalization support.

![i18n screenshot](../assets/routes/i18n.png)

While having i18n feature enabled - ILC allows you to handle localized URLs at global level. Currently, we support two routing schemes which can be switched in the `i18n.routingStrategy` menu:

 1. **Prefix exept defaut** - prefixing all routes with the locale except those of the default locale
 2. **Prefix** - prefixing all routes with the locale

Prefixes are used only for localization settings, choice of currency type does not affect the URL in any way. In Registry, you continue to specify all routes w/o locale information.

Here's what it looks like in practice:

![i18n language prefix example](../assets/routes/language-prefix.png)

More details about i18n you can read [here](../i18n.md)

## Trailing slash

A trailing slash is a forward slash (“/”) placed at the end of a URL.

> The decision to use a trailing slash or not is more a personal preference than actual necessity, except for some special cases. In any case we provide the ability to control this.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ILC allows you to manage cases with a trailing slash, but the decision to use it is at your discretion, considering personal preference and special cases you may have.
```

![Trailing slash](../assets/routes/trailing-slash.png)

> This menu has 3 options:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To manage trailing slash behavior, there are the following options:
```

>  1. **Do nothing** - Doesn't affect the URL in any way.
>  2. **Redirect to non trailing slash** - Removes slash at the end of the URL if it was there.
>  3. **Redirect to trailing slash** - Adds a slash to the end of the URL if it wasn't there.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. **Do nothing** - No effect at URLs.
1. **Redirect to non-trailing slash** - Remove trailing slash at the end of URLs, if present.
1. **Redirect to trailing slash** - Add trailing slash to the end of URLs, if not present.
```

# System settings: [i18n](#i18n) & [Trailing slash](#trailing-slash)

## i18n

ILC comes with built in internationalization support.

![i18n screenshot](../assets/routes/i18n.png)

While having i18n feature enabled - ILC allows you to handle localized URLs at global level. Currently, we support two routing schemes which can be switched in the `i18n.routingStrategy` menu:

> ![i18n routing strategy](../assets/routes/i18n-settings.png)

Reviewer 2: Pls rm, it's excessive here

 1. **Prefix_exept_defaut** - prefixing all routes with the locale except those of the default locale
 2. **Prefix** - prefixing all routes with the locale

Prefixes are used only for localization settings, choice of currency type does not affect the URL in any way. In Registry, you continue to specify all routes w/o locale information.

Here's what it looks like in practice:

![i18n language prefix example](../assets/routes/language-prefix.png)

More details about i18n you can read [here](../i18n.md)

## Trailing slash

A trailing slash is a forward slash (“/”) placed at the end of a URL.
The decision to use a trailing slash or not is more a personal preference than actual necessity, except for some special cases. In any case we provide the ability to control this.

![Trailing slash](../assets/routes/trailing-slash.png)

This menu has 3 options:

>  ![Trailing slash settings](../assets/routes/trailing-slash-settings.png)

Reviewer 2: Pls rm, it's excessive here
